Add docs for HTTP `Permissions-Policy` header `cross-origin-isolated` directive (#36780)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performance/measureuseragentspecificmemory/index.md

The **`measureUserAgentSpecificMemory()`** method is used to estimate the memory usage of a web application including all its iframes and workers.

> ## Description

Reviewer: FYI moving below syntax as per API template.

Two headers need to be set to cross-origin isolate your site:

- {{HTTPHeader("Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy")}} with `same-origin` as value (protects your origin from attackers)

> - {{HTTPHeader("Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy")}} with `require-corp` or `credentialless` as value (protects victims from your origin)

Reviewer: The "(protects your origin from attackers)" and same on the other header are wrong/pointless.

Reviewer 2: The explanations here makes sense to me though. With COOP your site can't be cross-origin accessed by another opener. With COEP you can't cross-origin access another site.

Reviewer: OK, so `Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy` certainly protects your origin from attackers, since it allows you to prevent your document from loading cross origin resources in the same BCG or being loaded into same BCG as cross origin documents, and severs the relationships. 

The embedder policy ensures that your document only loads those documents that have opted into CORS, or doesn't send them credentials. I guess that you could look at that as "protect victims from your origin"? I'm not actually entirely sure why that has value.

I am sure of two things:
1. If you don't know about these before, having the text here won't help you.
2. None of this should be here :-). I have moved the relevant docs into the cross origin isolation doc and cross linked.

Reviewer: Upshot, love an explanation of why COEP is useful other than you now need it to access certain APIs. But either way, it won't change this doc.

Author: a useful link for Cross-Origin isolation by stackblitz - https://blog.stackblitz.com/posts/cross-browser-with-coop-coep/

Reviewer: Yeah, that is cool. A little out of date but well worth linking.

```http
Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy: same-origin
Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy: require-corp
```

> Also, the {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy")}} header's {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/cross-origin-isolated","cross-origin-isolated")}} directive must not block use of this feature for current origin.

Author: ```suggestion
Also, the {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy")}} header's {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/cross-origin-isolated","cross-origin-isolated")}} directive must not block the use of this feature for the current origin.
```

> Also, the {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy")}} header's {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/cross-origin-isolated","cross-origin-isolated")}} directive must not block the use of this feature for the current origin.

Reviewer: From your testing https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/36780#discussion_r1849948915, setting `Permissions-Policy: cross-origin-isolated` means that the resource is treated as cross origin with respect to this API. According to [`Window.crossOriginIsolated`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/crossOriginIsolated) this API is then not available.

So what are you saying here?

Reviewer: I **think** what might be more accurate is something like:

> Note that if the HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/cross-origin-isolated","cross-origin-isolated")}} directive is set the resource is not treated as cross-origin isolated and use of this feature is blocked.

> Also, the {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy")}} header's {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/cross-origin-isolated","cross-origin-isolated")}} directive must not block the use of this feature for the current origin.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that if the {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy")}} header's {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/cross-origin-isolated","cross-origin-isolated")}} directive blocks the document to be cross-origin isolated, `Performance.measureUserAgentSpecificMemory()` will always not be exposed, irrespective of the {{HTTPHeader("Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy")}} and {{HTTPHeader("Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy")}} response headers.
```
